mmm hi guys so I wanted to get it down
in front of this as fast like it is
through one my am sure that I got for my
last via in tow unboxing so here's my
second month I'm getting this hoping
there might at least one thing in life I
will link my first day in co box below
where i unboxed it enter tried the mod i
will try the Mon also at this time I'm
actually waiting to show my first
impressions last time I peek before it
dumb so i said i would i would say the
same service um also just want to go
ahead and say this is not a sponsored
post I just really wanted to try this
and give you an honest review is what I
think and so I think it like the pricing
and the items I get and you know how
quickly they get your styling right and
things like that let me go ahead get
into this I don't know if you can see it
I'll just go ahead and do it here so
that you can see hopefully
I know better than I go towards me okay
sometimes I feel like you get into the
camera and you just lose your brain
looking in here i have my I have it all
that stuff and then they have my old
mill and my bag towards her neck so this
comment if you haven't watched any of
these videos before it does mark that
out over them this time of a pre address
and pre labeled bags when you return
your items at being pissed off let me
twist a girl he did she said that's
where I she didn't home skirt I did have
a gorgeous dress for you to try try out
the short with a great top for a casual
look but for something a little bit more
polished crap that the priests of the
blue top see and this one style bezel
enough so I have a totally different
person than I did last time it sounds
like I don't think it was doing a lot of
time okay I'm not going to put Isis
which I have anticipated it translates
with the total and i'll go over this and
once i guess it
I'm not going to the president until I
tried to harm because I don't want to
display how I feel about them I just
wanted to go to the head and say really
quickly is that they have you know the
price for each item and then there is a
discount if you decide to keep all of
them and then again it Tom it's a
twenty-dollar styling for you to get the
box but the 21 is taken off if you
purchase at least one of the items so if
you purchase all of them as you love
them all then you get a all right you
can't dis cap and if you end up liking
them all actually with the discount is
month it's a pretty good deal usually I
just want to say that you know you go on
the website and you let them know things
that you like don't like it's a pretty
good survey and we need to link them to
a Pinterest board and you can also take
pictures and upload it on there so that
they can see what I do like you can like
upload a favorite outfit so that they
can't get a feel for your style just
seeing like an outfit that you really
love that your calves and then you can
upload your pictures if you've tried a
box and so they can see how it fits on
you and better be able to guess your
size and things like that so you did say
which side you are but that way they can
just kind of see what it is you're not
liking if you're sending it back and
things like that
alright so firstly as a little
disappointing as last time I asked for
jeans there are no jeans lots of mass
for jeans and she sent me black pants a
little upset didn't at least try to send
a gift Reggie into this amazing I've
been looking for this time I did not get
any accessories it looks like I got all
bloated so here's the first shirt um
looks kind of basic I thought this isn't
too expensive because i'm not sure i
would want to pay a lot for it but it
does feel really nice and it looks like
it's got a nice little slow bottom to it
and some be curvy if you I dude like a
lot of solid colors so maybe she picked
up on that a little bit then these are
short guys not sure don't forgot the
Aces oh and we will see what they look
like but yeah kind of like me let's
think this is going to be kind of granny
ish we will see this is the blue shirt
just gotta pull back I love it
everybody's on calling in a heap of
it's a gorgeous color just because of
its weird and I tried to tell them that
I don't work from home I mean that I
don't work and I stay at home and I
don't really care for these like your
business you tight material because I
did that for years and i'm home now I
get to be coming over that and that
would makes it dressy but not sure
having to think about that for a little
i'm not sure i'm a long time
disappointed so far here's some black
skinny capris can they set any black
pants last time and i asked for them to
as for the prices you know because these
are usually higher higher options for
50-plus is I think like the lowest
category you can go for I did choose the
lowest so for a lot of money I want to
make sure i'm going to be reaching for
and i'm a little worried with all these
black pants and this was by campus i'm
not going to reach for them to what i
wore almost every day when i was working
in a business out like their office
environment so little dishes really
significant chance again and then this
is the dress
it helps potential those little words of
those please what you come down enough
to like hide my arms because I'm really
weird about that like I either want to a
cardigan or something they wouldn't
remit taken but it's a pretty floral
alright guys i will go ahead and try
these on and then i'll probably go ahead
and do another come back and sit down to
discuss like what i liked or didn't or
am I just a voiceover over the try ons
but I will be back and let you know I'm
a little scared and hesitant like
there's nothing that's like and just I'm
just disappointed that there's not more
like that so they didn't get jeans with
a huge thing I wanted I'm glad that the
dress is more casual though and more
like cotton that's why I've asked for
they sent me a dress before it was like
a like a black really pretty dressy
dress and I just don't go out that much
guys to where I would need a black dress
I wish to my husband I ready to go out
and form but with our little ones and
we're just moved to the area so we don't
like know any babysitters we just don't
get to do that right now all right well
I will be back and we will see how do
you forget Thanks ok so I just wanted to
know asi's my impressions after I tried
them on and I've actually already
scooped them on this week's been crazy
with them I don't have to give you ever
with like headaches and migraines I like
that between the allergies and the like
the friends coming in and out IM tummy
and the rainy and sunny is really my
head's been like just right exploded all
week so today's Thursday and hoping i
can get this update of tonight or friday
which is calm and say um when I depends
on again
so I actually already sent back
everything but the pants honestly just
says what I didn't lose the 2000 sciency
and that's definitely something to think
about when you're looking as classes
like stitch fix everything now I think
they all charge at twenty dollars on me
I can kind of see why they need to do
that so they're not wasting their time
and they are able to make money because
the same time I feel like 20th little
steep and when I sent in my camp is not
news they were going to see I thought
that ever so I didn't look at my sheet
and it did not realize its opinions were
$65 I thought they were 49 but it did
look online I gentleman so like I'm til
430 5 somewhere else so I sent them
support at decom a screenshot of where I
found it cheaper and I'm not hoping they
will get back to me and honor that price
so let me just go through the outfits
the first one should sent me what if the
shorts in the gray top I didn't think
I'd like to short they were as fast as I
thought they were going to be they just
weren't something out I would ever reach
for and they were sixty eight dollars
which i think is a lot for shorts which
owes much to I let her have some jean
shorts or you can justify through a navy
I don't know they they were really light
and they would have been really cool um
somewhere that was something I liked
about them but the suburb was so thin
but it kind of moved around a lot I don
that I just was nothing sharp I want to
put pictures of me trying to bond please
nice no I don't look at it and I know
this girl this pale girl needs a tan the
summer on my life
not quite time yet I need to find or at
least Im devices alternator I know I
slowly realized they look horrible and
nothing will make you really need to
work out and just wait like trying on
clothes in front of YouTube to those
shorts for sixty eight dollars and in
the gray top which I liked I think I was
a I wish I'd tried them on on the case
can you can see it so it's on camera so
even if you're not a youtuber try some
we are taking pictures when you're
trying on clothes because I don't want
it too thick things what's so different
than in the mirror but the gray top i
think i would like to go to with black
pants instead of with short as her the
shorts weren't helping the very top
especially a symmetrical line i was
tempted to get the gray it was forty
nine dollars can you feel like a lot for
a plain gray shirt I wasn't sure how I
felt about the asymmetrical thing the
line of it and stuff the fabric was
amazing it felt really comfortable it
seemed really high quality I just
arrested money I mean these items for
are more expensive than what I would
normally pay in a store I am on a strict
budget from the city's making like
commuted $49 mismatching bad and that's
fine I when I was working here was how I
spend a lot but now that I'm staying at
home it's um we're living on one income
it's just not possible for me so I would
attach the book really loved something
to keep a lot of them um the next outfit
was the stretch pants by those TV they
don't have a button there just like
really comfortable they have a really
weird I don't even know it called them
they were really weird like texture to
them but they feel like they could be
super comfortable like more active we're
not actively but very casual but then
you could dress them up
so she had me dress them up with the
ideas vana top and it sent on the tag is
reversible but I don't see how it look
really good on the other side when I
switched the map they held the tags and
stuff so I don't have to would really be
with possible enough and that shirt was
forty nine dollars my husband really
hurt but he needa I didn't really like
it it was kind of almost perfect for me
from my arms um just feel comfortable
but um I'm not for fifty dollars again
it's I'm just thinking maybe I don't
know if I'm just getting these items are
being co is just more moving towards
work outfit but everything just seems to
be a little dressier than when I go for
I'm like you miss sure this isn't like a
t-shirt but it's really comfortable and
it's very casual put on it guys my son
just woke up um but I've left but I'm
sorry guys you may hearing kids that in
the background I my area is not far from
my youngest son's room and he just woke
up and the other one trying to keep him
happy in there and playing some um I
would really love the color and I think
that's what my husband was thinking too
is that he just looked the color on and
I thought it seems like it was
comfortable and it was it would have
been a good outfits like going at dinner
or i'm just going to the mall you know
something just went out and about again
I understand less than money and then
the razzle in dress I thought was gonna
be the one I keek I really liked it and
if I showed in the I'm not sure from my
show but I tried to show the mall it was
actually tight a little bit so it cut
like right here
and then had like like elastic in the
back and I could like fold over the
elastic right I so much so it was pretty
big on me I did pair it with a belt to
show how it so I could kind of see how
it would look if it fit better how many
thing with it is it was $79 didn't never
win spend that much money on it and it
was a little short I don't looking at
the footage and just seemed a little
I put some boots to show it would
be really good at the fall time at the
villages like leggings and boots um they
might be out my pale legs I was also
trying to hide for you but it was cute I
just again goes my face because of the
money I would have worn it to train a
couple times or that without banana
colada um actually little side that get
that dress I'm actually more I think
about it Sam I attached the continent it
might be ones that I might look for
elsewhere I'm she perches eight dollars
79 is a lot it's thing i found this
somewheres like 47 and i didn't i get in
touch bianco or just because i was
trying to decide if I why it's been a
lot of money for fun around this will be
my last feeling soapbox for a while
because I just not going to asked and we
just don't have the money to spend on
clothes like that right now instead I
think if you're interested at all but
maybe I'll do like I'm think try on in
the dressing room and now I think this
video sent before or just some halls I
think I might pick up I think we're
going to try to hit torrid next time we
we have to go all the way to greenville
or Columbia hit like a mall on your not
yet about
and so I might try to look for on a
torrid or somewhere like that where I
can get some pot size clothing cheaper
or I may even just order some online
where I can safely no I can send it back
without paying twenty dollars for a fee
um my thoughts that you have a better to
spend it's nice it's it's fun getting
things in the mail ash I'm getting close
to try on um if you have a money to
spend it's fun getting it in the mail
it's nice if you're really wanting to
push yourself out of your box like
having your normal things that you would
try on because I don't think some of the
stuff I would've ever of tried on and
that was kind of what I was looking for
it's just wish it had been more kinda
casual stuff um I just wasn't super
impressed with it was a horrible it's
not like I thought a whistle sending me
yeah yeah I also kind of such as a
business in jeans tips for both boxes
that was the only thing happen I wanted
and I feel like student should be pretty
easy to Italy try to find someone anyway
I'd like I'm not going to sit there and
about it so the total amount listen dino
crisis which is the 310 for all five
items and then the styling for you is
and they kind of say take off that and
then if you bought everything you get a
25-percent cause i would have taken off
if i have chosen if I had lunch
everything enough to keep it it wasn't
enough seventy seven dollars and fifty
cents that's pretty I think a pretty
good deal that like takes off the most
expensive item up like I'm not even
paying too much expensive items so even
if you like four items out of the five
it might be worth it to go ahead and
keep all of them seems it's like asking
that one for free and so they say total
is 212 dollars into success but that's
after the styling be so really it's like
2 30 to 50 um I'm a good deal for fries
no bigger items it's I just could get
one this is what I want I think I kind
of wanted to be able to find all that is
twenty-five percent discount and I think
that helped a lot with the price of us
but again they will if you find it
somewhere else puzzle available priced
much I'm waiting to find out if I hear
from them before this video goes up i
will i'll try to put it in the bottom on
know when i was able to get it for and
if they are good or not honored that
price or not i did know they had to say
it had to be in the same color in your
size the same size i sent you so had to
be like pretty much the exact same thing
what is the honor and they did that
showed its them sorry guys so that I can
um it was in my size and in the black so
I'm hoping that and I showed that on d
screenshot so hopefully they will are
okay so I hope you enjoyed this um I
have to try for me being out and I've
heard the n co I would definitely prefer
the encode just because if I learn to
spin I think when Ed was like you know
seven be the over a hundred dollars you
can I how many pieces you want I don't
remember at all so step below um price
range that you choose like one I two or
three items at at a time and this is I
think this would be great if you were
trying to find outfits to wear to work
or if you just don't have the time to
shop you can get them more frequently so
you know we could just try to get a
couple boxes notice people know that
you're not always maybe twenty dollars
here there which mind for you to guess
Miami me it's well as ten dollars to go
ten or twenty dollars to mrs. up
some of the stores how far they are for
me I'm losing my train of thought sorry
guys um but it might be worth it to mute
and Michael worth your time um and I
think maybe you know if I kept doing
this and catching and maybe talking with
my stylist more I would have been able
to get better stuff I probably will do
this again later because I honestly has
it it's fun or something to say it's fun
and I really want I really want to go to
get box with a bunch of them a bunch of
things in there so I'm tempted to you
and say that some onions maybe have some
stayed away for to try it again and just
be very specifically for stylist and
send pictures and stuff its hat I
probably wasn't as good about discussing
exactly what they wanted and sending the
pictures of me in fast as they could see
it better not sure that you don't have
to make interest but I didn't link it I
shall say look at that but they would
seem i was not a G now but then I might
have someone casual and too I mean some
more dressy ones on ice and just bored
from the knowledge working um that's it
guys I don't know really wants to say
about it it was fun I'll probably do it
again soon you don't really want you
know don't really want me do this video
again you just let me know and I'll um
I'll make it worth it it'll be worth it
for me to try again you know I'll tell
my husband I have to write people are
running to shoot if it is um so let me
know if you would like to see more of
these types of switches box more press
but is try on a jerk I would do like a
in the dressing room try on if you're
interested let me know if you are please
like this video if you like what type of
videos and subscribe to my channel if
you haven't already on my channel I do
various things kind of what i say is
related to like stay at home on
lifestyle so there's a planning and
budgeting and cleaning I haven't done a
lot of thing again but I'll get to that
it's not like they're working today um
first-rate hall you know other algorithm
or other halls organization videos just
general things around the house like
that alright guys I am hope you have a
great week thank you